well, the greetings to you
sativa from its opening and this is going
to have 4 for playstation 4 before
nothing very many thanks to the people of
electronic arts that sued the game the
today 15 to upload emplease and
let's see how it goes so that if you go to
buy 34 that has to come with the
general and if the expansion pair is not
he says but nothing was given to me because
I do not know why I'm a Peruvian who eats
Doves maybe I do not have the slightest idea
but let's open it is not right
sealed as they come and let's see what is it
that brings we've already seen the collectives what
that brings and good let's see now what
is what brings this bat to the end what for
that people are not scammed
but it does not get there
the plastic
equal to several 4 let's make a code
and that yes there is to see ok cool verón
ok now besides row here and I'm going to
say that what brings battlefield 4 to
playstation 4 first a code comes to you
for 7 free day of playstation plus 7
playstation plus free days that this
pretty bird here all this web to
to have
7 in the rest 7 days free for
playstation plus which is very good
is the first code the second code is
the chain rising the sunrise and my dad is
the second code and then there's no longer
there is this manual it's good to leave is for
that they open see they have manuals only
this is now seeing that I did all the
info is online the same as politicians
As you can see, there is no novelty
all cool but I liked this see the
codes that there are more than anything the 7 days
free for playstation plus that me
like quite ok
to what there is
now it seems like a movie of the games
of blue as the bluray let's wait
those who are going to be green an hour and a half the
fill 4 playstation 4 the same
just the same logo here
original yes because this is the face of
this dirty black and dais of joy
and well let's see this from here back
know that it is cool of this era
very short of battlefield but
multiplayer is another thing to see what it says
here a player
40 gigas minimum of 2 to 66 players of 2
to 66 players
Machinima 1080P Dual Shock Remote Play
interconnectivity and 4 play vita and good
all that not 66 players there is what puts
266 network players
so there you are gentlemen
and well you can be opening today before
nothing very many thanks to all for
support my electronic video the truth is
a pleasure with company is supporting me
you already know that this food
additional activision and there others more
and well, it's also good and there it is
this is what the people of
tonic to the sweet of the sweet to the doge and
Well I'm going to try and hope I've already
uploaded a clean of battlefield 4 for
that they see it and good they see it the super
kills are not so people I say goodbye
I was ducsa thank you very much for all your
support and obviously we will not see the next
polish and favorite for more videos like
these so that they do not grab you from egg in
your country in case you are going to buy a
shop you steal the seven days if it is or
it's not anymore that kind of videos does not come up
they go but there it is for all of you
for 34 playstation 4 a hug and we
we'll see until the next gamers pass
very well
bye